Right.
So this lecture is here how can we handle change with those using selenium so those doesn't make sense
.
If you click on a link button in page it will trigger and will get over.
OK.
So even though my windows open when you working.
So how do we handle those with automation like how we will switch from window to window.
And you wonder how they don't have a built in window.
OK so let's see how can we handle these tasks.
There's also the number driver.
So before we demonstrate you are trying to explain
this is in demand sign up page where we can read you a Google account.
So if I click here and learn more.
OK.
It does.
Yeah we can see that it opens up a window.
Maybe he has a brain that's a brain.
We know what arms in the same chain but only here.
OK.
This is my lab.
And when you click on Glenmore we have margaritas on there.
OK.
So now how do you read that selenium to come out of this pain that end up on the inside.
Why.
So for example I didn't we'll get to the title.
OK.
I'm going to leave it open.
Now you say that get title was written that day of the day.
OK.
So by the farm in your browser.
I mean it was stay the selenium in the browser.
It will stick to the parent window only.
So here we have to that this is Berenstain.
So they are displaying two different paths in the same window.
Here in India we have really that's been the only is opening in some other.
That means it's change window which is not close to waiting for.
So these are single parent we know only you need to deliberate is which you have control from parent
to child.
And then you have to work on this and say when the once back is there you have this was back again to
no to bed.
And then again going on the operations on bed.
If we don't it back.
So are our resident evil this little child with only eight that are already on about something and whether
we have this was very good.
So basically what I'm trying to explain here by Biden in Nevada I mean to say the least telling him
to stick to the bed and we know the underlying something in Windows.
When does it get better.
And if you go up on the table you have to switch your tablet and windows and you can walk.
So let's see how can we add to this the hell box or so that's just sitting there in the jail and going
back to bed but let's see how can we see that bigger.
So this is one of the most important concept and the last of this was the famous interrogation again
.
And then the building doesn't say it's very easy.
You need not worry.
Let's go and get you out of our landing page.
So I
need to read the file from the integration
case.
So
now they are good
.
So again now once we navigated this you know I need to take on this learn more which is actually opening
a window.
And let's go to the next spot.
Can they just walk from
Sadar pig.
OK so let's run the program here and see how it is all coming in window.
OK.
And let me also take them by dinner.
If I say I don't get.
Let's see what I will do for us once I get on that Ling the other window open that are not only two
windows the window really really fast.
Let's see
run as a precaution
.
The bar open.
It's landing on the main page.
Yes it does.
And does it change when those gone over.
OK.
So do us now.
So by clicking something on this we got children over.
And now let's go back and see that I it says great.
You are Googling on that means this is bad and we know it does not change when I say by default and
then we stick to bed and only have many windows open by side.
It will not get out the door.
And the analysis is to those again you can it it says great you're Googling on with this debate and
so on.
So my aim here is now I need to print out the child window by sitting in the stroller.
Yeah let's see now how can we see that